good morning it's a little bit after
7:00 and I've decided to vlog this
weekend
it's Saturday we heard quite a bit we
can plan so I thought it might be quite
fun to you take you along with me you
see it's my mum's birthday on Monday and
so we're doing a few family things this
weekend which should be really fun
obviously of course I have got work to
do most notably with regards to my
English coursework so I'll be taking you
at all on that as you can see I'm not
dressed yet I typically do get dressed
as soon as I wake up every morning but
this morning I felt really cozy in my
night dress so I decided to stay in it
for breakfast
[Applause]
it's really good
almost as a celebration of the beginning
of autumn I am reading a little princess
again I read it once every year I always
really have to think about the time that
I want to read it because I love reading
it so much I don't really want to waste
reading it for that year so I haven't
actually read this for me about a year
and a half because I kept on kind of not
putting it off but waiting for the best
time I'm nearly finished and it makes me
really sad I thought I just quickly give
you an outfit of the day so I'm wearing
my glasses this really lovely Breton tee
from Jonny Bowden and then I've got a
pair of light Bush blue jeans that kind
of color from Johnny Braden again going
to get start with work now it's nearly
8:00 what I'm going to start off with is
doing English course well I've got my
to-do list here which is my study
planner that I've designed and which is
available for purchase on my website
walking productivity so what I'm going
to start with is planning my next
paragraph and then I'm gonna write that
paragraph and then I'm going to plan the
next paragraph and then write that one
[Music]
it's now 10 past 10 and I've been
working solidly for that period I
managed to write three paragraphs but
they will okay so basically my plan was
to write two paragraphs one on the
vulnerability of Lucifer and one on the
evil of his phone but I ended up writing
three paragraphs on the evil of Lucifer
which means that I haven't actually had
time to write my other paragraph and the
vulnerability I really wanted right now
because I've been working for about two
hours and I haven't got up I'm a bit
hungry so I think I'm gonna go
downstairs and find something to eat
much better I just had some green apple
and peanut butter
[Music]
Michael Suk is now 2,000 words and it is
1050 now I'm going to get started on
writing a speech that I am doing for
those of you who did not know I am head
girl at my school this year and one
thing that I've got to do is give a
speech to the prospective sick from
students I'm just gonna change my jumper
which jumper I might want my moose
jumper I'm just gonna quickly tidy up my
desk space of it because it's a bit
messy going for dog walk now it's 10:00
to 2:00 and we're now back from our dog
walk and before we left I finished
writing my speech and I'm quite happy
with it but I do need to run it past my
head of yet I've also got to write an
article for the intercept form booklet
brochure thing I'm not sure whether to
do that now or to wait till after lunch
because I think I can eat lunch in a few
minutes
I might start planning it just just get
started I've written my plan and now I
have been called down for lunch so I'm
going to go and it's much I've just
Justin sent a wonderful pan away the
secret library it's just arrived tea cup
and it's enchanted forest and it smells
so lovely I feel like I'm not actually
showing you anything it's just me
talking at the camera all at the time so
I apologize for that
I've done my philosophy essay I read my
loose the paragraph made a little
paragraph I've looked for quotes and I
haven't done anything else
I'm just doing some quiz let's what is
the formula of K a KA is H plus a minus
all over H a give an example of a poly
basic acid that will be h2 so4 which is
actually a dibasic acid I cannot believe
how close we are to 50,000 subscribers
here my chemistry questions which are
coming along nicely
[Music]
one thing that I do want to quickly do
is put on some moisturizer because my
cheeks are feeling really really dry
after my shower and so I keep all of my
skincare things in there stickings and
Jones makeup bag which is very nice and
Christmassy
it's called Lotus I've just done all of
my admin bets and it's kind of nearly
eight and I feel like that was really
productive actually because there were
loads of people that I needed to message
and if you teachers I need you to email
and also some meetings to pan out I'm
going to make me some dinner but I am
frozen oh my goodness do you not love
this it's a coat again it's called a
coat again how adorable is that my
parents went out to dinner with the
neighbors they left us pasta spinach
pasta my favorite and I'm going to add
some of this tomato and basil too much
um pasta sauce and also some pureed
pumpkin because it's autumn now so it's
important to have pumpkin with
everything my family and I are doing a
photo shoot tomorrow for my grandparents
wedding anniversary and so we've had to
pick out the outfits that we want to
wear for the shoot I've picked up three
so the first one is this Peter Pan
collared shirt and my favorite blue
skirt then I'm going to wear the stripy
shirt
and also some Osteen's and then lastly
my favorite dress everything every
single thing that I'm wearing is from
Jonny Bowden so I just let my new
enchanted woodland
candle from the secret library which I
was very kindly sent to me and a
beautiful lovely Victorian design and I
love Victorian and Edwardian period
especially Edwardian actually so I
really really like it I think it's so
pretty and also it's book themed and
book that said did candles are some of
my favorite things bit of a theme here
evening what 93 by Victor Hugo good
morning it's 8 o'clock I believe it
might be a tiny bit after you're at five
past 8:00 and I haven't just woken up go
I am already I can't remember what time
I wake up it might have been about
quarter past seven maybe even earlier
and I read in bed for a while and then I
got up and I got changed and this is the
first outfit that I'm wearing for the
focus sheet and I also um straightened
my friend I kind of called straighten it
so that it goes a bit puffier I have
decided to go over my English course wag
now I was just watching this video which
is study with me seven hours a day and
and I really love revising but with the
G and the only way around I love her
channel so much
[Music]
oh we're about to go which is why I'm
stopping what I've written up by
bibliography and I've made all my
Corrections I was just reading through a
few other sources about to go but I
think I'm gonna quickly put my nice
tinted lip balm on so we're on our way
to the photo shoot now and Jordan so
Martha doesn't want to be in it so it's
just me in the car I'm back home again
from the photo shoot and it was really
good fun and really great to family
bonding activity and we've come back
home for two hours and then we're gonna
go back over to my grandparents house so
that we can have a roast but one of the
grandchildren had homework that they
needed to complete I don't actually have
homework but I've got work that I can do
I think I'm gonna read some more victims
Stein's philosophical investigations
which I am making my way through at the
moment it is quite dense and I'm finding
it quite tricky but I'm really enjoying
it and it's a good challenge
[Music]
[Applause]
so I've just done some reading of the
consignor I also made this gorgeous
poster about the whole concept of
reading and I just kind of explored his
argument there so I'm here with my
beautiful cousin Ellen who was featured
in many of my videos haven't you what
are you watching I don't know what that
is
sorry I still do still don't know who
that is sorry
sure you do one pudding oh my god I say
let's go the trampoline it's a beautiful
autumn evening and it's really warm
actually like really warm I didn't wash
my hair them my fringe evidently dig up
wet so I have managed to write this much
so far and I want to write one more
paragraph oh my goodness I just really
quickly checked my channel to see if I'd
to see how many subscribers I got in
because I've never really looking
forward to this moment and oh my
goodness fifty thousand and seven people
watch and I subscribed to my channel
that's just incredible Eevee my friend
he had you shoot on those Eevee Flynn
she just uploaded a desk tool this
morning and I haven't watched yet and I
really want to watch it so I'm going to
go and watch that I'm going to you and
here because it's around 9:00 so I'm
going to be going to bed very shortly
I'm just about to brush my teeth and I'm
also going to use these facts and
tablets yes I hope that you enjoyed
watching this video and have a
productive week